10 is cw_tcb
final trigger delay is 130
Info: open_device: opening device Vendor ID = 0x547, Product ID = 0x1501, Serial ID = 0
Info: open_device: super speed device opened (bus = 2, address = 21, serial id = 0).
mid 1 is found at ch1
mid 2 is found at ch2
mid 74 is found at ch17
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
DRAM is aligned, delay = 17, bitslip = 0
check by SK in TCBWrite 
DRS PLL lock status = 15
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
DRAM is aligned, delay = 18, bitslip = 0
check by SK in TCBWrite 
DRS PLL lock status = 15
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
Fail to align DRAM!
check by SK in TCBWrite 
DRS PLL lock status = 160
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
data =-- 130 =--
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
check by SK in TCBWrite 
TCB Varialbe Reading 
TCB Coincidence width = 10
Pedestal trigger interval = 0
Trigger enable = 8
TCB Multiplicity threshold = 1
DAQ Coincidence width = 3
DAQ Multiplicity threshold = 1
Trigger delay = 2
Trigger latency = 250
Run number = 111
Down sampling = 3
Temperature = 0.000000
HV[1] = 4.500000
HV[2] = 4.500000
HV[3] = 4.500000
HV[4] = 4.500000
Threshold[1] = 100
Threshold[2] = 100
Threshold[3] = 100
Threshold[4] = 100
Threshold[5] = 100
Threshold[6] = 100
Threshold[7] = 100
Threshold[8] = 100
Threshold[9] = 100
Threshold[10] = 100
Threshold[11] = 100
Threshold[12] = 100
Threshold[13] = 100
Threshold[14] = 100
Threshold[15] = 100
Threshold[16] = 100
Threshold[17] = 100
Threshold[18] = 100
Threshold[19] = 100
Threshold[20] = 100
Threshold[21] = 100
Threshold[22] = 100
Threshold[23] = 100
Threshold[24] = 100
Threshold[25] = 100
Threshold[26] = 100
Threshold[27] = 100
Threshold[28] = 100
Threshold[29] = 100
Threshold[30] = 100
Threshold[31] = 100
Threshold[32] = 100
10 is cw_tcb
final trigger delay is 130
Info: open_device: opening device Vendor ID = 0x547, Product ID = 0x1501, Serial ID = 0
Info: open_device: super speed device opened (bus = 2, address = 21, serial id = 0).
mid 1 is found at ch1
mid 2 is found at ch2
mid 74 is found at ch17
add =-- 0 =--
add =-- 34 =--
add =-- 34 =--
add =-- 32 =--
add =-- 0 =--
add =-- 0 =--
add =-- 6 =--
add =-- 6 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 35 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
DRAM is aligned, delay = 17, bitslip = 0
add =-- 7 =--
DRS PLL lock status = 15
add =-- 33 =--
add =-- 34 =--
add =-- 34 =--
add =-- 32 =--
add =-- 0 =--
add =-- 0 =--
add =-- 6 =--
add =-- 6 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 35 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
DRAM is aligned, delay = 18, bitslip = 0
add =-- 7 =--
DRS PLL lock status = 15
add =-- 33 =--
add =-- 34 =--
add =-- 34 =--
add =-- 32 =--
add =-- 0 =--
add =-- 0 =--
add =-- 6 =--
add =-- 6 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 35 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 36 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 37 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 37 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 37 =--
add =-- 7 =--
add =-- 37 =--
Fail to align DRAM!
add =-- 7 =--
DRS PLL lock status = 7328
add =-- 33 =--
add =-- 43 =--
add =-- 46 =--
add =-- 47 =--
add =-- 48 =--
add =-- 49 =--
add =-- 1 =--
add =-- 8 =--
add =-- 10 =--
add =-- 11 =--
add =-- 12 =--
add =-- 2 =--
add =-- 258 =--
add =-- 514 =--
add =-- 770 =--
add =-- 2 =--
add =-- 258 =--
add =-- 514 =--
add =-- 770 =--
add =-- 3 =--
add =-- 259 =--
add =-- 515 =--
add =-- 771 =--
add =-- 1027 =--
add =-- 1283 =--
add =-- 1539 =--
add =-- 1795 =--
add =-- 2051 =--
add =-- 2307 =--
add =-- 2563 =--
add =-- 2819 =--
add =-- 3075 =--
add =-- 3331 =--
add =-- 3587 =--
add =-- 3843 =--
add =-- 4099 =--
add =-- 4355 =--
add =-- 4611 =--
add =-- 4867 =--
add =-- 5123 =--
add =-- 5379 =--
add =-- 5635 =--
add =-- 5891 =--
add =-- 6147 =--
add =-- 6403 =--
add =-- 6659 =--
add =-- 6915 =--
add =-- 7171 =--
add =-- 7427 =--
add =-- 7683 =--
add =-- 7939 =--
add =-- 1 =--
add =-- 8 =--
add =-- 10 =--
add =-- 11 =--
add =-- 12 =--
add =-- 2 =--
add =-- 258 =--
add =-- 514 =--
add =-- 770 =--
add =-- 3 =--
add =-- 259 =--
add =-- 515 =--
add =-- 771 =--
add =-- 1027 =--
add =-- 1283 =--
add =-- 1539 =--
add =-- 1795 =--
add =-- 2051 =--
add =-- 2307 =--
add =-- 2563 =--
add =-- 2819 =--
add =-- 3075 =--
add =-- 3331 =--
add =-- 3587 =--
add =-- 3843 =--
add =-- 4099 =--
add =-- 4355 =--
add =-- 4611 =--
add =-- 4867 =--
add =-- 5123 =--
add =-- 5379 =--
add =-- 5635 =--
add =-- 5891 =--
add =-- 6147 =--
add =-- 6403 =--
add =-- 6659 =--
add =-- 6915 =--
add =-- 7171 =--
add =-- 7427 =--
add =-- 7683 =--
add =-- 7939 =--
add =-- 1 =--
add =-- 8 =--
add =-- 10 =--
add =-- 11 =--
add =-- 12 =--
add =-- 2 =--
add =-- 258 =--
add =-- 514 =--
add =-- 770 =--
add =-- 3 =--
add =-- 259 =--
add =-- 515 =--
add =-- 771 =--
add =-- 1027 =--
add =-- 1283 =--
add =-- 1539 =--
add =-- 1795 =--
add =-- 2051 =--
add =-- 2307 =--
add =-- 2563 =--
add =-- 2819 =--
add =-- 3075 =--
add =-- 3331 =--
add =-- 3587 =--
add =-- 3843 =--
add =-- 4099 =--
add =-- 4355 =--
add =-- 4611 =--
add =-- 4867 =--
add =-- 5123 =--
add =-- 5379 =--
add =-- 5635 =--
add =-- 5891 =--
add =-- 6147 =--
add =-- 6403 =--
add =-- 6659 =--
add =-- 6915 =--
add =-- 7171 =--
add =-- 7427 =--
add =-- 7683 =--
add =-- 7939 =--
TCB Varialbe Reading 
TCB Coincidence width = 10
Pedestal trigger interval = 0
Trigger enable = 8
TCB Multiplicity threshold = 1
DAQ Coincidence width = 3
DAQ Multiplicity threshold = 1
Trigger delay = 2
Trigger latency = 250
Run number = 113
Down sampling = 3
Temperature = 0.000000
HV[1] = 4.500000
HV[2] = 4.500000
HV[3] = 4.500000
HV[4] = 4.500000
Threshold[1] = 100
Threshold[2] = 100
Threshold[3] = 100
Threshold[4] = 100
Threshold[5] = 100
Threshold[6] = 100
Threshold[7] = 100
Threshold[8] = 100
Threshold[9] = 100
Threshold[10] = 100
Threshold[11] = 100
Threshold[12] = 100
Threshold[13] = 100
Threshold[14] = 100
Threshold[15] = 100
Threshold[16] = 100
Threshold[17] = 100
Threshold[18] = 100
Threshold[19] = 100
Threshold[20] = 100
Threshold[21] = 100
Threshold[22] = 100
Threshold[23] = 100
Threshold[24] = 100
Threshold[25] = 100
Threshold[26] = 100
Threshold[27] = 100
Threshold[28] = 100
Threshold[29] = 100
Threshold[30] = 100
Threshold[31] = 100
Threshold[32] = 100
